hi everyone today I'm going to show you
how to make shrimp and pork cutter like
images friend rolls the other day I was
shopping with my darling and he was like
I want to eat how to like him so I was
like okay because he is a person who
doesn't make any requests so whenever I
ask him what he wants to eat he's like
are we whatever you're good so I decided
to make happy monkey using my favorite
shrimp and his favorite pork and it
turned out really good so I hope you
like this idea and I hope we can try it
out here are the ingredients
cut Chinese chives into an inch long
pieces cut shrimp into chunks
socata some noodles in warm water
drain and cut into bite-sized pieces if
necessary
now heat cooking oil in a frying pan at
grande pork and grated ginger then cook
until the pork is no longer pink
now add the shrimp and cook until half
done
now seasoned with sake sugar soy sauce
and oyster sauce
now let the Chinese chives and the how
to summon noodles cook until the liquid
is soaked into the noodles finish with
black pepper and the dash of sesame oil
then stop the heat and leave to cool
completely
now place the filling on the spring roll
pastry roll the wrapper halfway fold
both sides in towards the center and
roll spread the mixture of flour and
water on the tip and seal
now deep fry the spring rolls slowly
until golden-brown it's about ten
minutes
then drain well
and now it's done
thanks for watching I hope enjoyed this
tutorial
whatever I smoke Boise
you